You stand atop your tower, leaning into the biting chill of the wind. Your eyes sweep over your domain, past the open practice field scarred by flame, lightning and acid. Past the squat fortress that houses the golemworks, past the massive metal rod that bars the only entrance from the outside, sealing in the disastrous experiment that even now pounds ceaselessly at the blackened oak door, sending a chilling *THUD…..THUD…..THUD* that reaches your ears even through the howl of the brewing winter tempest. Past even the great summoning circle, ignoring the glittering dance of eldritch energies that flow through the polished silver channels etched upon the unwilling breast of the earth. Your gaze falls, finally, upon your students. The fruit of years of labor, soon to be released into the world. Are they ready? You wonder. A soul-deep ache, barely noticed after all these decades, dances like quicksilver through your bones as you summon the merest flicker of your power, and their faces spring into focus even from this great distance. You search, as always, for some sign that you have taught them well, that they have grown in spirit as well as in power. That the long lectures on the responsibility of a mage to the mass of Humanity they must serve have taken root. That the object lessons - the executions of the darkling mages who have strayed from the path of servitude, and the horrible tortures visited upon those abominations both before and after their deaths - have served their purpose. You search for some proof that when these young mages spread out through the wider world, they will not fall prey to their base desires, but will shelter and empower Humanity through their actions. There, that girl - you forget her name, or perhaps she’s one of those who eschew names in an attempt to give the dark a smaller handhold onto her soul - is that expression on her face merely pleasure at successfully binding an imp, in forcing a creature of the dark into service on the side of Humanity? Or is it the beginnings of the unholy glee that seduces the unwary, the infirm of purpose, away from their sacred calling? She turns away, and you are left with no more answers than before. Closing your eyes, you let the small agony of your magic drain away. Soon, there will be time to rest. Soon, the burden will pass to another. Soon, the seductive trill of the voices in the dark will be left behind. Soon, you will die. 